https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-2109
  short invalid encoding
  1 bio implementation
  memory consumption
  asn1_d2i_read_bio function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-8176
  1h frees data structures
  remote dtls peers
  unexpected application data
  application data
  changecipherspec message
  dtls1_clear_queues function
  finished message
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-2107
  obtain sensitive cleartext information
  aes cbc session
  padding-oracle attack
  padding check
  incorrect fix
  aes-ni implementation
  memory allocation
  vulnerability exists
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4619
  properly handle handshake restarts
  server gated cryptography
  unspecified vectors
  cpu consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2004-0081
  properly handle unknown message types
  codenomicon tls test tool
  infinite loop
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1793
  509 basic constraints ca values
  trigger unintended certificate verifications
  alternative certificate chains
  valid leaf certificate
  certification authority role
  properly process
  x509_verify_cert function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0147
  integer multiplication algorithms
  rsa blinding
  determining factors
  timing differences
  extra reductions
  private key
  montgomery reduction
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3511
  triggering clienthello message fragmentation
  protocol downgrade
  ssl23_get_client_hello function
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  tls versions
  tls 1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0800
  decrypt tls ciphertext data
  bleichenbacher rsa padding oracle
  plaintext rsa data
  serververify message
  sslv2 protocol
  client possesses
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-5077
  malformed ssl/tls signature
  evp_verifyfinal function
  properly check
  certificate chain
  bypass validation
  ecdsa keys
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-0884
  adaptive chosen ciphertext attack
  million message attack
  cryptographic message syntax
  context-dependent attackers
  decrypt data
  oracle behavior
  properly restrict
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-5502
  openssl fips object module 1
  generates random data
  bypass protection mechanisms
  fips self-test
  perform auto-seeding
  prng implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-0027
  properly handle invalid parameters
  gost block cipher
  gost engine
  daemon crash
  tls client
  crafted data
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0851
  malformed asn
  large recursion
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-4180
  vectors involving sniffing network traffic
  properly prevent modification
  unintended cipher
  session cache
  session identifier
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4108
  padding oracle attack
  mac check
  0f performs
  dtls implementation
  recover plaintext
  padding
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3509
  supported point formats extension data
  sending elliptic curve
  remote ssl servers
  client application crash
  ssl_parse_serverhello_tlsext function
  race condition
  session resumption
  memory overwrite
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3508
  process stack memory
  obtain sensitive information
  pretty printing
  context-dependent attackers
  reading output
  obj_obj2txt function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3507
  trigger improper handling
  zero-length dtls fragments
  dtls implementation
  insert function
  memory leak
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0286
  properly perform boolean-type comparisons
  invalid read operation
  asn1_type_cmp function
  certificate-verification feature
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3570
  defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms
  properly calculate
  unspecified vectors
  bn_sqr implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0204
  conduct rsa-to-export_rsa downgrade attacks
  weak ephemeral rsa key
  client code based
  facilitate brute-force decryption
  remote ssl servers
  export_rsa issues
  tls implementations
  ssl3_get_key_exchange function
  noncompliant role
  servers
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0205
  crafted tls handshake protocol traffic
  1k accepts client authentication
  certification authority
  ssl3_get_cert_verify function
  obtain access
  private key
  certificateverify message
  dh support
  dh
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0207
  independent data streams
  crafted dtls traffic
  state information
  dtls1_listen function
  properly isolate
  0 traffic
  dtls 1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-2940
  require extra time
  rsa signature verification
  parasitic public keys
  public modulus
  public exponent
  earlier versions
  cpu consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1792
  bio data structure
  hash function
  infinite loop
  do_free_upto function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0221
  invalid dtls handshake
  client crash
  dtls1_get_message_fragment function
  dtls
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-3210
  ephemeral ecdh ciphersuite functionality
  ensure thread safety
  tls protocol
  daemon crash
  out-of-order messages
  handshake messages
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1794
  remote servers
  serverkeyexchange message
  anonymous diffie-hellman
  ssl3_get_key_exchange function
  segmentation fault
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3568
  bypass intended access restrictions
  no-ssl3 build option
  properly enforce
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0293
  crafted client-master-key message
  daemon exit
  assertion failure
  sslv2 implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0078
  incorrect block cipher padding
  launch cryptographic attacks
  vaudenay timing attack
  mac verification errors
  timing discrepancy
  mac computation
  original plaintext
  information leak
  possibly leading
  padding
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-3207
  bypass crl validation
  structure members
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-1633
  bypass intended key requirements
  rsa verification recovery
  returns uninitialized memory
  obtain sensitive information
  party information
  context-dependent attackers
  unspecified vectors
  evp_pkey_verify_recover function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-4995
  execute arbitrary code
  dtls implementation
  unspecified vectors
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-0591
  properly handle errors
  malformed signed attributes
  cms_verify function
  originally appeared
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2004-0975
  trustix secure linux 1
  local users
  symlink attack
  temporary files
  operating systems
  openssl package
  overwrite files
  der_chop script
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4576
  properly initialize data structures
  obtain sensitive information
  block cipher padding
  padding data
  ssl peer
  ssl 3
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4577
  ip address blocks
  assertion failure
  autonomous system
  certificate-extension data
  rfc 3779 support
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-6449
  incorrect data structure
  crafted traffic
  version number
  ssl_get_algorithm2 function
  daemon crash
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-0169
  mac check requirement
  malformed cbc padding
  conduct distinguishing attacks
  timing side-channel attacks
  plaintext-recovery attacks
  timing data
  statistical analysis
  dtls protocol 1
  lucky thirteen
  tls protocol 1
  crafted packets
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-3245
  bn_wexpand function calls
  context-dependent attack vectors
  unspecified impact
  null return
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-3195
  2e mishandles errors caused
  malformed x509_attribute data
  obtain sensitive information
  asn1_tflg_combine implementation
  decoding failure
  cms application
  process memory
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-3197
  defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms
  performing computations
  sslv2 traffic
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  disabled ciphers
  get_client_hello functions
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-2686
  crafted cbc data
  aes-ni functionality
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0704
  2a overwrites incorrect master-key bytes
  decrypt tls ciphertext data
  bleichenbacher rsa padding oracle
  oracle protection mechanism
  export cipher suites
  related issue
  get_client_master_key function
  sslv2 implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0701
  making multiple handshakes
  private dh exponent
  prime numbers
  key exchange
  dh_check_pub_key function
  inappropriate number
  dh
  number
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0702
  intel sandy bridge cpu core
  leveraging cache-bank conflicts
  cache-bank access times
  discover rsa keys
  crafted application
  local users
  mod_exp_ctime_copy_from_prebuf function
  modular exponentiation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0703
  decrypt tls ciphertext data
  bleichenbacher rsa padding oracle
  nonzero client-master-key clear-key-length
  arbitrary cipher
  2a accepts
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  related issue
  get_client_master_key function
  sslv2 implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-8275
  fingerprint-based certificate-blacklist protection mechanism
  including crafted data
  unsigned portion
  certificate data
  certificate
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1788
  malformed binary polynomial field
  properly handle ecparameters structures
  supports client authentication
  elliptic curve algorithm
  bn_gf2m_mod_inv function
  infinite loop
  curve
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-6450
  properly maintain data structures
  dtls retransmission implementation
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  packet delivery
  encryption contexts
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-1377
  dtls record buffer limitation bug
  dtls records
  dtls1_buffer_record function
  future epoch
  large series
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-3555
  microsoft internet information services
  mozilla network security services
  properly associate renegotiation handshakes
  multiple cisco products
  apache http server 2
  processed retroactively
  insert data
  existing connection
  sessions protected
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  https sessions
  post-renegotiation context
  project mogul
  plaintext injection
  unauthenticated request
  ssl protocol 3
  tls protocol
  possibly earlier
  server
  products
  possibly
  tls
  ssl
  earlier
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0224
  properly restrict processing
  obtain sensitive information
  crafted tls handshake
  zero-length master key
  ccs injection
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  hijack sessions
  openssl-to-openssl communications
  changecipherspec messages
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0131
  unauthorized rsa private key operation
  modified bleichenbacher attack
  klima-pokorny-rosa attack
  large number
  tls connections
  leak information
  tls components
  pkcs #1 v1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1787
  ephemeral diffie-hellman ciphersuite
  client authentication
  daemon crash
  ssl3_get_client_key_exchange function
  clientkeyexchange message
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-4339
  removes pkcs-1 padding
  correctly verifying
  rsa key
  pkcs #1 v1
  prevents openssl
  openssl
  pkcs #1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2002-0659
  asn1 library
  invalid encodings
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0287
  invalid write operation
  adb data structures
  reinitialize choice
  asn1_item_ex_d2i function
  1 structure reuse
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-2937
  improperly handled error condition
  infinite loop
  malformed asn
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0285
  defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms
  brute-force attack
  ssl3_client_hello function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2002-0655
  properly handle ascii representations
  possibly execute arbitrary code
  64 bit platforms
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1789
  custom verification callback
  supports client authentication
  crafted length field
  asn1_time data
  out-of-bounds read
  x509_cmp_time function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0544
  ssl client certificate
  long form
  properly track
  read past
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-3193
  obtain sensitive private-key information
  montgomery squaring implementation
  mishandles carry propagation
  produces incorrect output
  bn_mod_exp function
  x86_64 platform
  diffie-hellman ephemeral
  diffie-hellman
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2005-2969
  preventing protocol version rollback attacks
  ssl/tls server implementation
  weaker protocol
  verification step
  ssl_op_msie_sslv2_rsa_padding option
  man-in-the-middle attack
  server
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-4252
  sending crafted values
  shared secret
  public parameters
  successfully authenticate
  properly validate
  j-pake protocol
  protocol
  j-pake
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3572
  conduct ecdhe-to-ecdh downgrade attacks
  remote ssl servers
  serverkeyexchange message
  forward secrecy
  ssl3_get_key_exchange function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0076
  flush+reload cache side-channel attack
  obtain ecdsa nonces
  montgomery ladder implementation
  local users
  swap operations
  constant-time behavior

