https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-2109
  short invalid encoding
  1 bio implementation
  memory consumption
  asn1_d2i_read_bio function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-8176
  1h frees data structures
  remote dtls peers
  unexpected application data
  application data
  changecipherspec message
  dtls1_clear_queues function
  finished message
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-2105
  heap memory corruption
  integer overflow
  evp_encodeupdate function
  binary data
  large amount
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-2106
  heap memory corruption
  integer overflow
  large amount
  evp_encryptupdate function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-2107
  obtain sensitive cleartext information
  aes cbc session
  padding-oracle attack
  padding check
  incorrect fix
  aes-ni implementation
  memory allocation
  vulnerability exists
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4619
  properly handle handshake restarts
  server gated cryptography
  unspecified vectors
  cpu consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2004-0081
  properly handle unknown message types
  codenomicon tls test tool
  infinite loop
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1791
  obtained earlier
  race condition
  multi-threaded client
  double free
  ssl3_get_new_session_ticket function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1790
  null pointer dereference
  encryptedcontent data
  pkcs#7 blob
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1793
  509 basic constraints ca values
  trigger unintended certificate verifications
  alternative certificate chains
  valid leaf certificate
  certification authority role
  properly process
  x509_verify_cert function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0147
  integer multiplication algorithms
  rsa blinding
  determining factors
  timing differences
  extra reductions
  private key
  montgomery reduction
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3512
  multiple buffer overflows
  invalid srp
  srp implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3513
  crafted handshake message
  dtls srtp extension
  memory leak
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3510
  client application crash
  crafted handshake message
  null pointer dereference
  remote dtls servers
  anonymous ecdh ciphersuite
  anonymous dh
  ssl3_send_client_key_exchange function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3511
  triggering clienthello message fragmentation
  protocol downgrade
  ssl23_get_client_hello function
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  tls versions
  tls 1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0800
  decrypt tls ciphertext data
  bleichenbacher rsa padding oracle
  plaintext rsa data
  serververify message
  sslv2 protocol
  client possesses
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-5077
  malformed ssl/tls signature
  evp_verifyfinal function
  properly check
  certificate chain
  bypass validation
  ecdsa keys
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-0884
  adaptive chosen ciphertext attack
  million message attack
  cryptographic message syntax
  context-dependent attackers
  decrypt data
  oracle behavior
  properly restrict
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-5502
  openssl fips object module 1
  generates random data
  bypass protection mechanisms
  fips self-test
  perform auto-seeding
  prng implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-0027
  properly handle invalid parameters
  gost block cipher
  gost engine
  daemon crash
  tls client
  crafted data
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0851
  malformed asn
  large recursion
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-4180
  vectors involving sniffing network traffic
  properly prevent modification
  unintended cipher
  session cache
  session identifier
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-4353
  protocol negotiation record
  null pointer dereference
  remote tls servers
  tls handshake
  ssl3_take_mac function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4109
  double free vulnerability
  unspecified impact
  triggering failure
  policy check
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4108
  padding oracle attack
  mac check
  0f performs
  dtls implementation
  recover plaintext
  padding
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3509
  supported point formats extension data
  sending elliptic curve
  remote ssl servers
  client application crash
  ssl_parse_serverhello_tlsext function
  race condition
  session resumption
  memory overwrite
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3508
  process stack memory
  obtain sensitive information
  pretty printing
  context-dependent attackers
  reading output
  obj_obj2txt function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3505
  double free vulnerability
  crafted dtls packets
  dtls implementation
  error condition
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3507
  trigger improper handling
  zero-length dtls fragments
  dtls implementation
  insert function
  memory leak
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3470
  anonymous ecdh cipher suite
  null pointer dereference
  null certificate
  client crash
  ssl3_send_client_key_exchange function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0286
  properly perform boolean-type comparisons
  invalid read operation
  asn1_type_cmp function
  certificate-verification feature
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3570
  defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms
  properly calculate
  unspecified vectors
  bn_sqr implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0160
  properly handle heartbeat extension packets
  obtain sensitive information
  reading private keys
  crafted packets
  buffer over-read
  dtls implementations
  heartbleed bug
  process memory
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0204
  conduct rsa-to-export_rsa downgrade attacks
  weak ephemeral rsa key
  client code based
  facilitate brute-force decryption
  remote ssl servers
  export_rsa issues
  tls implementations
  ssl3_get_key_exchange function
  noncompliant role
  servers
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0205
  crafted tls handshake protocol traffic
  1k accepts client authentication
  certification authority
  ssl3_get_cert_verify function
  obtain access
  private key
  certificateverify message
  dh support
  dh
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0206
  duplicate records
  dtls1_buffer_record function
  replay detection
  memory leak
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0207
  independent data streams
  crafted dtls traffic
  state information
  dtls1_listen function
  properly isolate
  0 traffic
  dtls 1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-2940
  require extra time
  rsa signature verification
  parasitic public keys
  public modulus
  public exponent
  earlier versions
  cpu consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0208
  crafted rsa pss parameters
  null pointer dereference
  rsa_item_verify function
  1 signature-verification implementation
  certificate-verification feature
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1792
  bio data structure
  hash function
  infinite loop
  do_free_upto function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0221
  invalid dtls handshake
  client crash
  dtls1_get_message_fragment function
  dtls
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-3210
  ephemeral ecdh ciphersuite functionality
  ensure thread safety
  tls protocol
  daemon crash
  out-of-order messages
  handshake messages
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1794
  remote servers
  serverkeyexchange message
  anonymous diffie-hellman
  ssl3_get_key_exchange function
  segmentation fault
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-0014
  possibly obtain sensitive information
  malformed clienthello handshake message
  ocsp stapling vulnerability
  out-of-bounds memory access
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3569
  properly handle attempts
  null pointer dereference
  unexpected handshake
  error handling
  cve-2014-3568 fix
  sslv3 handshake
  ssl23_get_client_hello function
  daemon crash
  unsupported protocols
  no-ssl3 application
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3568
  bypass intended access restrictions
  no-ssl3 build option
  properly enforce
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0293
  crafted client-master-key message
  daemon exit
  assertion failure
  sslv2 implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0291
  null pointer dereference
  invalid signature_algorithms extension
  daemon crash
  sigalgs implementation
  clienthello message
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0290
  aes ni support
  64-bit x86 platforms
  multi-block feature
  properly handle
  unspecified vectors
  pointer corruption
  ssl3_write_bytes function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0078
  incorrect block cipher padding
  launch cryptographic attacks
  vaudenay timing attack
  mac verification errors
  timing discrepancy
  mac computation
  original plaintext
  information leak
  possibly leading
  padding
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-3207
  bypass crl validation
  structure members
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-1633
  bypass intended key requirements
  rsa verification recovery
  returns uninitialized memory
  obtain sensitive information
  party information
  context-dependent attackers
  unspecified vectors
  evp_pkey_verify_recover function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0545
  possibly execute arbitrary code
  ssl client certificate
  double free vulnerability
  invalid asn
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-4995
  execute arbitrary code
  dtls implementation
  unspecified vectors
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-0591
  properly handle errors
  malformed signed attributes
  cms_verify function
  originally appeared
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-0742
  modify invalid memory locations
  possibly execute arbitrary code
  cryptographic message syntax
  properly handle structures
  conduct double-free attacks
  unspecified vectors
  context-dependent attackers
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-0740
  minor version number
  null pointer dereference
  tls connection
  party information
  ssl3_get_record function
  malformed record
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-3864
  heap-based buffer overflow
  elliptic curve cryptography
  execute arbitrary code
  multiple race conditions
  internal caching
  client data
  tls server
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0289
  processes arbitrary pkcs#7 data
  providing malformed data
  null pointer dereference
  pkcs#7 implementation
  outer contentinfo
  properly handle
  application
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-4343
  null pointer dereference
  sslv2 client code
  client crash
  remote servers
  earlier versions
  unknown vectors
  get_server_hello function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2004-0975
  trustix secure linux 1
  local users
  symlink attack
  temporary files
  operating systems
  openssl package
  overwrite files
  der_chop script
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0195
  properly validate fragment lengths
  long non-initial fragment
  execute arbitrary code
  dtls clienthello messages
  buffer overflow
  dtls1_reassemble_fragment function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4576
  properly initialize data structures
  obtain sensitive information
  block cipher padding
  padding data
  ssl peer
  ssl 3
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2011-4577
  ip address blocks
  assertion failure
  autonomous system
  certificate-extension data
  rfc 3779 support
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-6449
  incorrect data structure
  crafted traffic
  version number
  ssl_get_algorithm2 function
  daemon crash
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-0169
  mac check requirement
  malformed cbc padding
  conduct distinguishing attacks
  timing side-channel attacks
  plaintext-recovery attacks
  timing data
  statistical analysis
  dtls protocol 1
  lucky thirteen
  tls protocol 1
  crafted packets
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-0166
  properly perform signature verification
  null pointer dereference
  remote ocsp servers
  ocsp responses
  invalid key
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-3245
  bn_wexpand function calls
  context-dependent attack vectors
  unspecified impact
  null return
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-5139
  remote ssl servers
  null pointer dereference
  client application crash
  serverhello message
  required negotiation
  ssl_set_client_disabled function
  srp ciphersuite
  client
  ciphersuite
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2002-0656
  large client master key
  large session id
  execute arbitrary code
  buffer overflows
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-3195
  2e mishandles errors caused
  malformed x509_attribute data
  obtain sensitive information
  asn1_tflg_combine implementation
  decoding failure
  cms application
  process memory
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-3194
  mask generation function parameter
  rsa pss asn
  null pointer dereference
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-3197
  defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms
  performing computations
  sslv2 traffic
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  disabled ciphers
  get_client_hello functions
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-3196
  incorrect data structure
  crafted serverkeyexchange message
  psk identity hint
  multi-threaded client
  remote servers
  double free
  race condition
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-2686
  crafted cbc data
  aes-ni functionality
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0704
  2a overwrites incorrect master-key bytes
  decrypt tls ciphertext data
  bleichenbacher rsa padding oracle
  oracle protection mechanism
  export cipher suites
  related issue
  get_client_master_key function
  sslv2 implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0705
  malformed dsa private key
  double free vulnerability
  dsa_priv_decode function
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0701
  making multiple handshakes
  private dh exponent
  prime numbers
  key exchange
  dh_check_pub_key function
  inappropriate number
  dh
  number
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0702
  intel sandy bridge cpu core
  leveraging cache-bank conflicts
  cache-bank access times
  discover rsa keys
  crafted application
  local users
  mod_exp_ctime_copy_from_prebuf function
  modular exponentiation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0703
  decrypt tls ciphertext data
  bleichenbacher rsa padding oracle
  nonzero client-master-key clear-key-length
  arbitrary cipher
  2a accepts
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  related issue
  get_client_master_key function
  sslv2 implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-8275
  fingerprint-based certificate-blacklist protection mechanism
  including crafted data
  unsigned portion
  certificate data
  certificate
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2004-0079
  crafted ssl/tls handshake
  null dereference
  do_change_cipher_spec function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1788
  malformed binary polynomial field
  properly handle ecparameters structures
  supports client authentication
  elliptic curve algorithm
  bn_gf2m_mod_inv function
  infinite loop
  curve
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2013-6450
  properly maintain data structures
  dtls retransmission implementation
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  packet delivery
  encryption contexts
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-1377
  dtls record buffer limitation bug
  dtls records
  dtls1_buffer_record function
  future epoch
  large series
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0799
  2g improperly calculates string lengths
  long string
  fmtstr function
  out-of-bounds read
  large amount
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0798
  srp_vbase_get_by_user implementation
  memory leak
  connection attempt
  memory consumption
  invalid username
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-0797
  multiple integer overflows
  heap memory corruption
  null pointer dereference
  long digit string
  bn_hex2bn function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-3555
  microsoft internet information services
  mozilla network security services
  properly associate renegotiation handshakes
  multiple cisco products
  apache http server 2
  processed retroactively
  insert data
  existing connection
  sessions protected
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  https sessions
  post-renegotiation context
  project mogul
  plaintext injection
  unauthenticated request
  ssl protocol 3
  tls protocol
  possibly earlier
  server
  products
  possibly
  tls
  ssl
  earlier
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-1378
  dtls fragment handling memory leak
  multiple memory leaks
  current sequence numbers
  dtls records
  memory consumption
  sequence numbers
  dtls1_process_out_of_seq_message function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-1379
  crafted server certificate
  openssl s_client crash
  use-after-free vulnerability
  dtls1_retrieve_buffered_fragment function
  dtls packet
  openssl 1
  server
  packet
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-2333
  explicit iv calculation
  crafted tls packet
  properly handled
  cbc encryption
  integer underflow
  buffer over-read
  tls 1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-2131
  conduct buffer overflow attacks
  multiple integer signedness errors
  crafted der data
  rsa public key
  vulnerability exists
  incomplete fix
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-4355
  apache http server
  trigger incorrect calls
  memory leak
  zlib_stateful_finish function
  crypto_cleanup_all_ex_data function
  memory consumption
  related issue
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-1672
  server key exchange message
  null pointer dereference
  cipher suites
  tls handshake
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0198
  null pointer dereference
  buffer pointer
  recursive calls
  properly manage
  alert condition
  do_ssl3_write function
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-2108
  execute arbitrary code
  crafted serialized data
  buffer underflow
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0224
  properly restrict processing
  obtain sensitive information
  crafted tls handshake
  zero-length master key
  ccs injection
  man-in-the-middle attackers
  hijack sessions
  openssl-to-openssl communications
  changecipherspec messages
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2008-0891
  double free vulnerability
  malformed client
  party information
  tls server
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0131
  unauthorized rsa private key operation
  modified bleichenbacher attack
  klima-pokorny-rosa attack
  large number
  tls connections
  leak information
  tls components
  pkcs #1 v1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1787
  ephemeral diffie-hellman ciphersuite
  client authentication
  daemon crash
  ssl3_get_client_key_exchange function
  clientkeyexchange message
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-3738
  remote attack vectors involving
  unspecified impact
  buffer overflow
  earlier versions
  long list
  ssl_get_shared_ciphers function
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0543
  ssl client certificate
  integer overflow
  1 tag values
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-4339
  removes pkcs-1 padding
  correctly verifying
  rsa key
  pkcs #1 v1
  prevents openssl
  openssl
  pkcs #1
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2002-0659
  asn1 library
  invalid encodings
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0287
  invalid write operation
  adb data structures
  reinitialize choice
  asn1_item_ex_d2i function
  1 structure reuse
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0209
  malformed elliptic curve
  use-after-free vulnerability
  improperly handled
  d2i_ecprivatekey function
  private-key file
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2006-2937
  improperly handled error condition
  infinite loop
  malformed asn
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-0590
  invalid encoded length
  invalid memory access
  asn1_string_print_ex function
  trigger printing
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-0050
  properly support dtls applications
  unspecified vectors related
  incorrect fix
  out-of-bounds read
  vulnerability exists
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2012-2110
  conduct buffer overflow attacks
  properly interpret integer data
  crafted der data
  rsa public key
  asn1_d2i_read_bio function
  memory corruption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-5298
  race condition
  parsing error
  ssl3_read_bytes function
  inject data
  ssl connection
  multithreaded environment
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2002-0657
  execute arbitrary code
  long master key
  kerberos enabled
  buffer overflow
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0285
  defeat cryptographic protection mechanisms
  brute-force attack
  ssl3_client_hello function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2002-0655
  properly handle ascii representations
  possibly execute arbitrary code
  64 bit platforms
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-1387
  out-of-sequence dtls handshake message
  null pointer dereference
  daemon crash
  fragment bug
  dtls1_retrieve_buffered_fragment function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-0789
  invalid memory access
  rsa public key
  public key
  properly handle
  malformed asn
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-1789
  custom verification callback
  supports client authentication
  crafted length field
  asn1_time data
  out-of-bounds read
  x509_cmp_time function
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2003-0544
  ssl client certificate
  long form
  properly track
  read past
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0292
  crafted base64 data
  evp_decodeupdate function
  buffer overflow
  integer underflow
  memory corruption
  base64-decoding implementation
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-3193
  obtain sensitive private-key information
  montgomery squaring implementation
  mishandles carry propagation
  produces incorrect output
  bn_mod_exp function
  x86_64 platform
  diffie-hellman ephemeral
  diffie-hellman
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2004-0112
  ssl/tls handshaking code
  crafted ssl/tls handshake
  kerberos ciphersuites
  properly check
  kerberos tickets
  out-of-bounds read
  handshake
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3567
  crafted session ticket
  integrity-check failure
  memory leak
  tls_decrypt_ticket function
  memory consumption
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2005-2969
  preventing protocol version rollback attacks
  ssl/tls server implementation
  weaker protocol
  verification step
  ssl_op_msie_sslv2_rsa_padding option
  man-in-the-middle attack
  server
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2009-1386
  null pointer dereference
  dtls changecipherspec packet
  daemon crash
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-4252
  sending crafted values
  shared secret
  public parameters
  successfully authenticate
  properly validate
  j-pake protocol
  protocol
  j-pake
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2007-5135
  one-byte buffer underflow
  execute arbitrary code
  code execution
  ssl_get_shared_ciphers function
  crafted packet
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3506
  crafted dtls handshake messages
  large length values
  trigger memory allocations
  dtls implementation
  memory consumption
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-3572
  conduct ecdhe-to-ecdh downgrade attacks
  remote ssl servers
  serverkeyexchange message
  forward secrecy
  ssl3_get_key_exchange function
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2016-2176
  obtain sensitive information
  process stack memory
  crafted ebcdic asn
  x509_name_oneline function
  buffer over-read
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2014-0076
  flush+reload cache side-channel attack
  obtain ecdsa nonces
  montgomery ladder implementation
  local users
  swap operations
  constant-time behavior
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2010-0433
  kerberos configuration files inside
  kerberos configuration files
  ssl cipher negotiation
  null pointer dereference
  kssl_keytab_is_available function
  daemon crash
  chroot installation
  kerberos
  chroot
===============================
===============================
https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=CVE-2015-0288
  invalid certificate key
  null pointer dereference
  x509_to_x509_req function
===============================

